


A REVIEW OF XENOBLADE CHRONICLES
12 SEP 2012
a review of Xenoblade Chronicles, a videogame developed by Monolith Soft and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Wii
text by ben hornsby
2 stars
Bottom line: Xenoblade Chronicles is “NOT CAKE”

The <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpYASiwH-kA">Metro Last Light trailer</a> has a powerful moment in it. Not the panic and the people being shut out of shelter. Not the holy lunatic smiling in satisfaction as judgment comes, and not the moment of kindness (or sinister inconsistency, depending on your perspective) of the soldier taking the baby.
 
This is the kind of entertainment that can make you wonder what the hell you’re doing with your life (“am I really literally systematically checking fetch quests off of this list right now,” you might ask yourself). Xenoblade Chronicles, played in a state of near-unemployment at age 24 with an electric bass guitar plugged into a switched-off amp in the corner of the room, is the kind of game that maybe gets you to realize that you don’t have to do this anymore – which is about as much praise as I can give anything that doesn’t taste like gourmet root beer. Play it in a state of financial stability and it might make you realize that you never had to do this in the first place.

Not being a jerk: Man, these skies really are blue. That’s nice. And man, these characters really do sound crazy and British. That’s alright, too! Entering one of these overworld areas is maybe an Actual Fantastic Feeling. It’s crazy how far you can see and how you can just walk through all of it. Sure, jumping off a mountain into a lake is no Super Mario Sunshine jetpack-blast – but it might just be a Super Mario 64 tree-flip. I don’t want to just write the same thing over and over, but man: the visual scope of this game is really something.

Jerk time: Unfortunately, there’s this arrow, which literally grins straight at you through the screen, and literally drools, and literally yells at you through your Wii Remote to go kill three more goblins and get three more goblin hearts to get one more pair of shoes that increases your defense by one but lowers your speed by one so that you’ll have a pair for every member of your party, and it literally gets bigger, pixel by pixel, if you stray from the path that whatever sidequest you select is leading you along, until eventually it gets big enough to cover up your avatar, and then big enough to fill up your whole screen, and then you have to turn your Wii off if you want to see around it. Luckily, once you reach this point, the whole thing might not even be a metaphor anymore, and you can play something else instead.

The battle system is a horrifying, immovable lump in the corner of the room. The phrases that you’ve been avoiding your whole life – “Break,” “Stagger,” “Back Attack,” “Cooldown,” “Auto-Attack,” “Affinity,” et cetera – have all been waiting to ambush you right here. You collect all kinds of different experience points and things that help push these menus into each other; one kind of numeral allows you to upgrade the levels of the Skills (or is it Abilities?) of individual characters, which does things like lower the cooldown time of your back attack from 8.5 seconds to 8 seconds.

What the hell is that? What kind of jerk do these jerks think I am that I’m susceptible to the pleasures of decreasing cooldown times by half-seconds? And hey, it’s not like I don’t like numbers; I find the little numbers attached to every little piece of equipment in Dragon Quest totally adorable. When I realized that hitting an enemy with a spell they were weak to in Persona 4 would knock them out of their next turn, I almost giggled. None of Xenoblade Chronicles’ mechanics are adorable, and none of them tickles my brain at all. I don’t want a menu called “Collectopedia” and I certainly don’t want another one called “Achievements.” I have books to read, darn it. You are very inconsiderate, videogame developers!

This game is packed with nonsense, though hey, let’s be nice again: At least it feels like it’s there because these guys think we want it. It never feels as smug as, say, Skyrim, condescending to reach down and deliver boxes for you to check and then all but showing you the bell ringing on your screen. Instead Xenoblade Chronicles is like, “Hey, check out all these sweet boxes we came up with! You can totally check off all of them, if you want!” It’s cute – but eventually you start realizing that the two dozen types of trinkets you’re holding can all be taken to a special shop that synthesizes them into different gems based on the numerical relationship between the two characters you choose to work the machine and that you can attach them to the multiple slots in any of the dozen pieces of each of the half-dozen different types of equipment that any of your three characters can equip, and you sigh; you’re the sitcom dad with the loving but comically-terrible cook for his wife, and that’s sure as heck your birthday cake on the table.


-------------------


Is That Online Lender Legit?

January 28th, 2013
by Briana
posted to Consumer Loans

The internet has changed the way we do most everything, especially when it comes to shopping for goods and services. Consumers are increasingly turning to the web to buy books, purchase music, reserve hotel rooms, or book flights. They are also applying for credit cards, mortgage financing and personal loans through online lenders.

But how can consumers know for sure if an online loan provider is a legitimate lender or a scammer?

Online lenders can be your bank, credit union or other loan providers that are licensed to make loans in the state in which you live. It’s easy to verify the legitimacy of your own bank, but it’s not as easy when one is considering a personal loan from an unrecognized online lender.

Being listed in Google or Bing searches does not prove that they’re legitimate. In fact, search engines rarely do any security checks on the owners of the websites that are included in their search indexes.

The internet is a double-edged sword in this regard: legitimate lenders can now market themselves in other geographic areas that were once unreachable due to the costs involved in opening up a new store. At the same time, it can be difficult for many online shoppers to identify a bad player in the industry.

Fortunately, there are a variety of ways to confirm legitimate lenders – as well as spot potential scammers:

1. Business address. This is one of the first indicators of a potentially legitimate or illegitimate lender. Look in their Contact or About page to find their official address. Consumers should always be wary of sites that refuse to provide a physical location or address.

2. Confirmation logos. Many ecommerce websites now display “trust” logos from various agencies and directories to help convince shoppers that they’re real. The most common verification services are Verisign, Truste, McAfee and the Better Business Bureau (BBB). All four help to confirm that the business is real, because these organizations do perform their own investigations to confirm that the businesses do exist. However, visitors to the online lender’s site should always click on the logos. Those logos should link to confirmation pages on the websites of those verifying entities. If not, be wary of that site.

3. State approval information. Unless federally chartered, each online lender must be registered and/or licensed in every state it wishes to lend. The websites should have links to their individual state registration or licensing information.

4. State registries. Each state has a department or agency overseeing the financial institutions in its state. And most of these state agencies now have websites with online databases of approved lenders. Consumers can confirm that a lender is legit by checking with the state’s online registry or calling the specific department overseeing consumer loan providers in the state.

5. Website domain registry. Finally, consumers can also investigate the ownership behind the website. Just go to http://whois.domaintools.com and type in the website domain name. Then check to see who owns it and how long the domain name has been registered. If it is less than a year old or owned by an individual, it’s time to start getting suspicious about the website.

The internet makes it easy for companies to do business in different areas. Unfortunately, not all websites can be trusted. The good news is that the internet has also made it easy for consumers to check up on particular businesses. Online consumers do have tools to protect themselves from scam websites. But those tools and resources are worthless unless they are put to use.

<a href="http://www.netcredit.com/blog">back to blog</a>


--------------


posted 23 January, 2013
by undressedskeleton
256 notes for this post
<a href="http://undressedskeleton.tumblr.com/post/41306325398">Permalink</a> / <a href="http://undressedskeleton.tumblr.com/post/41306325398">Short URL</a>

Healthy 21 Calorie Meatballs!

Last night after the gym, Jeremy and I whipped up a mean dish. Actually it was quick and nothing too special about it. We were craving Italian, so we baked up a spaghetti squash and used Whole Food’s 365 Day roasted vegetable spaghetti squash. I know it’s not true Italian, but it is a great replacement. 

Jeremy is not a huge salmon eater, so I made salmon for me. For him, we made a healthy meatball! 

Ingredients:

1/2 Cup Ground Turkey
1/2 Cup Lean Ground Beef
2 Servings Onion Soup Mix
1 Tsp Fresh Chopped Chives
1/8 Tsp Pepper
1 Egg White
3 Tbsp Black Beans
1 Tsp Minced Garlic
Directions
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
Combine all ingredients in a mixing bowl.
Mash together. (Like meatloaf)
Roll into tbsp sized meatballs.
Place on greased baking sheet
Bake 15-18 minutes. 
I baked a spaghetti squash with it. Cut it into fourths, place on baking sheet. Bake for 45-60 minutes. 

Makes 21 tbsp sized meatballs!

Per Meatball

Nutrition: 21 Calories, .6g Fat, 2g Carbs, 2g Protein


------------


The Bum in the Unlocked Bathroom: How Bad User Interfaces are Ruining Bathrooms, Buses, Video Games and Other Wonderful Things

Tim Rogers

pull quote:
Being smarter, unfortunately, only makes it stupider.

text:
Just let me talk a little bit more, and I'll go away. Here's the beginning:

Imagine yourself, absolutely ignorant of the method of operating a can-opener.

Try to wipe your slate clean. Imagine someone puts a can-opener in one of your hands and a can in the other. It's not an electric can-opener—though those are just as confusing, come to think of it—nor is it the modern manual can-opener. It's a handle with a blade on the end. Imagine you're an alien from a planet that doesn't have tin cans, or even aluminum cans.

Or: try to imagine the instrument without its target, and then vice-versa. Try to separate them. Let your mind linger on the tactile presence of either thing. Consider that neither of them is a problem, and neither is a solution. Give yourself 30 seconds with this exercise.

Don't worry: it's supposed to be impossible. If it's impossible, it means you're smart enough to be able to read.

It's a one-in-a-billion sort of savant who can learn how to read given only a book, solitude, and an adequate light source. This hypothetical brain-superman aside, we all learn by the patient funneling of others' experiences: teachers who understand the difference between ignorance and stupidity, and generously decide to take the time to search for intelligence.

It's every once in a while that even the most zen of educational paragons encounters an Actual Idiot. We have old sayings such as "a bad apple spoils the whole bunch", and it's these people—the freezer-poopers—who deposit molecules of hatred around civilized environments, gumming up the urban machine, generating passive-aggressive leaks.

"Idiot-proof" is a buzz-word in the software industry. It's also a buzz-word in civil engineering, which is nice, and it's also a buzz-word in the fast-food industry, which is hilarious.

Someone could say—in many more words—that what is idiot-proofed is not necessarily genius-proofed, or (especially) the other way around.

***

So, to continue my public transit story from earlier: I'm in San Francisco, waiting for a bus. Which bus? Google Maps tells me I can take the 38, the 38, the 38, the 38, or the 38. These buses stop at four different stops, each located less than a block from my current position.

On the surface level, this sounds convenient: multiple buses with the same number, some of them stopping where others don't stop, in the name of keeping traffic in the downtown area as smooth as humanly possible. The number "38" immediately tells the potential passenger where the bus will eventually be going. The hypothesis is that no one is going to get on the bus at 2nd Street and get off at 3rd Street. That'd be a scientifically weird spurt of laziness.

So, on the surface, it's like this: wherever you are relative to Market and Montgomery Streets, you can stand at any one of those corners and have a bus stop right in front of you in a matter of minutes. Okay:

Being smarter, unfortunately, only makes it stupider.
The not-genius-proofed part, which coincidentally un-idiot-proofs the whole situation, is that if I have the NextBus app conveniently installed on my iPhone, I can see when the next bus is coming, and where it will be. When I see three "38" buses coming in the next six minutes, if I'm sort of in a hurry, I probably want to get on the one which is coming first.

Of course, NextBus is hardly reliable. It's a noble endeavor: they track the locations of the actual buses as they move down actual roads, using Global Positioning. It's not like Bart Bart, which just spits out the timetable: it's smarter. It's got Big Financial Backing.

Being smarter, unfortunately, only makes it stupider: it breaks the heart, again and again, to see a bus listed as arriving in "3 minutes", only to see the time pop up to "6 minutes", then "5 minutes", then "9 minutes".

The truth is: buses drive down roads, down which unpredictable humans are also driving cars. You can't ever really know when a bus is coming, outside of seeing it rounding a corner a block away as you step back from the curb. Being able to stare at a technologically marvelous little portal into Information I'm Probably Better Without only makes the wait sting.

NextBus's slogan, which you see every time you launch the app, is "Why Wonder?" After many months of use and many minutes of careful thought, here is my answer: "Because at least I'm in charge of my own wonderment."

So here's where it falls to the bus system: the system needs to have a lot of buses, one of which stops at any given stop, say, every 10 minutes or so. Now everyone who steps up to a bus stop sign feels secure in thinking, "I definitely won't be standing here any longer than 10 minutes."

So I'm standing on a curb island in the middle of Market Street, waiting for a bus. A bus bobs up and down one of those sublime, near-invisible San-Franciscan hills. There, on its electric marquee, are the words "GO GIANTS!"

While I appreciate the team spirit, I'd . . . I'd really like to see the number of the bus.

So the bus glides to a stop, and the doors veen open, and I ask the driver, "So, hey, is this the 38 bus?" The driver half-rolls his eyes. "No, sir, this is the 71 bus, where are you going", he says, all punctuated wrongly like that. I tell him I need to go to the Haight. "This'll take you there," he says, and I shrug, like, "Of course it will!" So there's another problem.

I'm sitting in the back of the 71 bus which also goes the same place as a 38 bus—or, I realize later, as an F bus or an N bus—and I'm playing Where's My Water? on iPad, and thinking a little bit more about The Planet Earth as a User Experience.

Here's the end of this little anecdote:

I go to get my hair cut at Bladerunners. The haircut is fantastic. Not 30 seconds out of the salon, a hippie just barely in control of four black labradors has written a poem about my hair.



-------


<a href="http://bash.org/?520670>#520670</a>
(8442)
<a href="http://bash.org/?le=a2bc830348b8c8574a4ee4e192e69124&sux=520670>[X]</a>
random girl: hey!
me: ...hi?
me: who is this?
random girl: Jessica, I saw u on myspace
random girl: ur hot
me: thanks
random girl: np
me: this girl keeps bugging me, but I don't want to talk to her
me: what should I do?
random girl: make up sum excuse, like ur mom is kickin u off or sumthing
me: oh alright
me: I have to go
me: my mom is kicking me off
me: bye


--------------

One line browser notepad

#notepad, #html5, #browser, #Introduction

Introduction

Sometimes I just need to type garbage. Just to clear out my mind. Using editors to type such gibberish annoys me because it clutters my project workspace (I'm picky, I know).

So I do this. Since I live in the browser, I just open a new tab and type in the url tab.

<code>
data:text/html, <html contenteditable>
</code>

Voila, browser notepad.

this is some sort of subhead: Why it works?

You don't need to remember it. It's not rocket science. We are using the Data URI's format and telling the browser to render an html (try "javascript:alert('Bazinga');"). The content of said html is a simple html line with the html5 attribute contenteditable. This works only on modern browsers that understand this attribute. Click and type!

ABOUT JOSE
Software developer that loves the web stack a little bit too much. Loves front end and system administration, but has a complicated relationship with the back end. Javascript is beauty. Member of team Centralway
 















